# kaextended.github.io

Official site for KA Extended. (Note: We are not affiliated with the [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/) organization.) We offer supplementary material to go alongside the learning experience on the site. This site was created by Khan Academy user [Hunter R. Shaw](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/HunterRShaw/projects) in late 2021. Below is a quote from Hunter just after the creation of the site:

> From the time I was young, I had the privilege of having access to well-educated individuals to learn from. One mentor, in particular, taught me to appreciate the gift of knowledge. Later on, I found incredible resources on the internet. Among these, Khan Academy. I became a casual user, using the site to supplement my school's education. Fast forward several years, and here I am. My intention with this site is to expand and extend the fantastic content on KA, as the original site did with my school. Along with this site, I have dedicated my online presence to assisting other users on Khan Academy by answering questions. Never stop learning!

We believe that as Hunter had, everyone should have access to free, concise, educational material throughout the world. The KA Extended project is a never-ending pursuit of the best and most efficient material. Our model puts end-users at the forefront, with the Discord server freely available for experts and students alike to make suggestions to improve articles and other media, as well as the organization of the site itself.

One of the key aims of the site is to make learning content accessible to as many people as possible. Each article will be duplicated, providing an option for a more concise, clinical run-through, and one which is more approachable to a less experienced reader. The former is displayed on the site as "clinical" and the latter as "approachable." A selection can be made in the site settings for which will be displayed, with the default setting as "approachable."

Through this site and the work of the community, we will leverage the incredible resources of communication given to us by inventors like Bob Khan, Vint Cerf, Tim Berners-Lee, and countless others. This is what we choose to dedicate ourselves to, and we hope you will too.
